{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\nouicompat{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17134}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa240\sl240\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang12 .Akaike, H. (1969). Fitting autoregressive models for prediction. \i 21\i0 , 243\f1\endash\f0 247.\\\\\par
.Alekseyenko, O.V., Lee, C., and Kravitz, E.A. (2010). Targeted Manipulation of Serotonergic Neurotransmission Affects the Escalation of Aggression in Adult Male Drosophila melanogaster. \i 5\i0 , e10806.\\\\\par
.Anderson, S.S., and Fedak, M.A. (1985). Grey seal males: energetic and behavioural links between size and sexual success. \i 33\i0 , 829\f1\endash\f0 838.\\\\\par
.Aplin, L.M., Farine, D.R., Morand-Ferron, J., Cockburn, A., Thornton, A., and Sheldon, B.C. (2015). Experimentally induced innovations lead to persistent culture via conformity in wild birds. \i 518\i0 , 538\f1\endash\f0 541.\\\\\par
.Aso, Y., Hattori, D., Yu, Y., Johnston, R.M., Iyer, N.A., Ngo, T.-T., Dionne, H., Abbott, L., Axel, R., Tanimoto, H., et al. (2014). The neuronal architecture of the mushroom body provides a logic for associative learning. ELife \i 3\i0 , e04577.\\\\\par
.Avargu\'e9s-Weber, A., Lihoreau, M., Isabel, G., and Giurfa, M. (2015). Information transfer beyond the waggle dance: observational learning in bees and flies. Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution \i 3\i0 .\\\\\par
.Bates, D., M\'e4chler, M., Bolker, B., and Walker, S. (2015). Fitting Linear Mixed-Effects Models Using lme4. \i 67\i0 , 1\f1\endash\f0 48.\\\\\par
.Bellen, H.J., Tong, C., and Tsuda, H. (2010). 100 years of Drosophila research and its impact on vertebrate neuroscience: a history lesson for the future. Nature Reviews Neuroscience \i 11\i0 , 514.\\\\\par
.Berry, J.A., Cervantes-Sandoval, I., Nicholas, E.P., and Davis, R.L. (2012). Dopamine Is Required for Learning and Forgetting in Drosophila. \i 74\i0 , 530\f1\endash\f0 542.\\\\\par
.Brand, A.H., and Perrimon, N. (1993). Targeted gene expression as a means of altering cell fates and generating dominant phenotypes. \i 118\i0 , 401\f1\endash\f0 415.\\\\\par
.Brooks, R. (1998). The importance of mate copying and cultural inheritance of mating preferences. \i 13\i0 , 45\f1\endash\f0 46.\\\\\par
.Brown, C., Laland, K., and Krause, J. (2011). Fish Cognition and Behavior (John Wiley & Sons).\\\\\par
.Burke, C.J., Huetteroth, W., Owald, D., Perisse, E., Krashes, M.J., Das, G., Gohl, D., Silies, M., Certel, S., and Waddell, S. (2012). Layered reward signalling through octopamine and dopamine in Drosophila. Nature \i 492\i0 , 433\f1\endash\f0 437.\\\\\par
.Busto, G.U., Cervantes-Sandoval, I., and Davis, R.L. (2010). Olfactory learning in Drosophila. \i 25\i0 , 338\f1\endash\f0 346.\\\\\par
.Carrillo, M., Han, Y., Migliorati, F., Liu, M., Gazzola, V., and Keysers, C. (2018). Emotional Mirrors in the Rat\rquote s Anterior Cingulate Cortex. BioRxiv 450643.\\\\\par
.Chapman, T., Bangham, J., Vinti, G., Seifried, B., Lung, O., Wolfner, M.F., Smith, H.K., and Partridge, L. (2003). The sex peptide of Drosophila melanogaster: female post-mating responses analyzed by using RNA interference. \i 100\i0 , 9923\f1\endash\f0 9928.\\\\\par
.Claridge-Chang, A., Roorda, R.D., Vrontou, E., Sjulson, L., Li, H., Hirsh, J., and Miesenb\'f6ck, G. (2009). Writing Memories with Light-Addressable Reinforcement Circuitry. Cell \i 139\i0 , 405\f1\endash\f0 415.\\\\\par
.Clutton-Brock, T.H. (1982). The Functions of Antlers. \i 79\i0 , 108\f1\endash\f0 124.\\\\\par
.Cognigni, P., Felsenberg, J., and Waddell, S. (2018). Do the right thing: neural network mechanisms of memory formation, expression and update in Drosophila. \i 49\i0 , 51\f1\endash\f0 58.\\\\\par
.Cook, R., and Cook, A. (1975). The attractiveness to males of female Drosophila melanogaster: Effects of mating, age and diet. Animal Behaviour \i 23\i0 , 521\f1\endash\f0 526.\\\\\par
.Coolen, I., Dangles, O., and Casas, J. (2005). Social Learning in Noncolonial Insects? \i 15\i0 , 1931\f1\endash\f0 1935.\\\\\par
.Dagaeff, A.-C., Pocheville, A., N\'f6bel, S., Loyau, A., Isabel, G., and Danchin, E. (2016). Drosophila mate copying correlates with atmospheric pressure in a speed learning situation. \i 121\i0 , 163\f1\endash\f0 174.\\\\\par
.Danchin, \'c9., Giraldeau, L.-A., Valone, T.J., and Wagner, R.H. (2004). Public Information: From Nosy Neighbors to Cultural Evolution. Science \i 305\i0 , 487.\\\\\par
.Danchin, \'c9., Giraldeau, L.-A., and C\'e9zilly, F. (2005). \'c9cologie comportementale: Cours et questions de r\'e9flexion (Dunod).\\\\\par
.Danchin, E., N\'f6bel, S., Pocheville, A., Dagaeff, A.-C., Demay, L., Alphand, M., Ranty-Roby, S., Renssen, L. van, Monier, M., Gazagne, E., et al. (2018). Cultural flies: Conformist social learning in fruitflies predicts long-lasting mate-choice traditions. \i 362\i0 , 1025\f1\endash\f0 1030.\\\\\par
.Darwin, C. (1859). On the origin of species by means of natural selection, or preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life. (Routledge).\\\\\par
.Dawson, E., Bailly, T., Dos Santos, J., Moreno, C., Devilliers, M., Maroni, B., Sueur, C., Casali, A., Ujvari, B., Thomas, F., et al. (2018). Social environment mediates cancer progression in Drosophila. \i 9\i0 , 3574.\\\\\par
.Dugatkin, L.A. (1996). Interface between culturally based preferences and genetic preferences: female mate choice in Poecilia reticulata. \i 93\i0 , 2770\f1\endash\f0 2773.\\\\\par
.Dugatkin Lee Alan, and Godin Jean-guy J. (1992). Reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy (Poecilia reticulata). \i 249\i0 , 179\f1\endash\f0 184.\\\\\par
.Fisher, R.A. (1915). The evolution of sexual preference. \i 7\i0 , 184\f1\endash\f0 192.\\\\\par
.Fowler-Finn, K.D., Sullivan-Beckers, L., Runck, A.M., and Hebets, E.A. (2015). The complexities of female mate choice and male polymorphisms: Elucidating the role of genetics, age, and mate-choice copying. Current Zoology \i 61\i0 , 1015\f1\endash\f0 1035.\\\\\par
.Fox, J., and Weisberg, S. (2018). An R Companion to Applied Regression (SAGE Publications).\\\\\par
.Galef, J., BENNETT G., and White, D.J. (1998). Mate-choice copying in Japanese quail,Coturnix coturnix japonica. \i 55\i0 , 545\f1\endash\f0 552.\\\\\par
.G\'f6tz, K.G. (1964). Optomotorische Untersuchung des visuellen systems einiger Augenmutanten der Fruchtfliege Drosophila. \i 2\i0 , 77\f1\endash\f0 92.\\\\\par
.Guo, A., Gong, Z., Li, H., Li, Y., Liu,  li, Liu, Q., Lu, H., Pan, Y., Ren, Q., Wu, Z., et al. (2017). Vision, Memory, and Cognition in Drosophila. In Reference Module in Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Psychology, p.\\\\\par
.Hewitt, V.L., and Whitworth, A.J. (2017). Mechanisms of Parkinson\rquote s Disease: Lessons from Drosophila - ScienceDirect. \i 121\i0 , 173\f1\endash\f0 200.\\\\\par
.H\'f6glund, J., Alatalo, R.V., Gibson, R.M., and Lundberg, A. (1995). Mate-choice copying in black grouse. Animal Behaviour \i 49\i0 , 1627\f1\endash\f0 1633.\\\\\par
.Iversen, I.H. (1992). Skinner\rquote s early research: From reflexology to operant conditioning. American Psychologist \i 47\i0 , 1318\f1\endash\f0 1328.\\\\\par
.Jallon, J.-M. (1984). A few chemical words exchanged byDrosophila during courtship and mating. Behavior Genetics \i 14\i0 , 441\f1\endash\f0 478.\\\\\par
.Kasuya, J. (2009). Neuronal mechanisms of learning and memory revealed by spatial and temporal suppression of neurotransmission using shibirets1, a temperature-sensitive dynamin mutant gene in Drosophila melanogaster. Frontiers in Molecular Neuroscience \i 2\i0 .\\\\\par
.Kitamoto, T. (2001). Conditional modification of behavior in Drosophila by targeted expression of a temperature-sensitive shibire allele in defined neurons. \i 47\i0 , 81\f1\endash\f0 92.\\\\\par
.Kosaka, T. (1983). Reversible blockage of membrane retrieval and endocytosis in the garland cell of the temperature-sensitive mutant of Drosophila melanogaster, shibirets1. The Journal of Cell Biology \i 97\i0 , 499\f1\endash\f0 507.\\\\\par
.Laidre Mark E. (2010). How rugged individualists enable one another to find food and shelter: field experiments with tropical hermit crabs. \i 277\i0 , 1361\f1\endash\f0 1369.\\\\\par
.Laland, K.N., and Hoppitt, W. (2003a). Do animals have culture? Evolutionary Anthropology: Issues, News, and Reviews \i 12\i0 , 150\f1\endash\f0 159.\\\\\par
.Landry, C., Garant, D., Duchesne, P., and Bernatchez, L. (2001). \lquote Good genes as heterozygosity\rquote : the major histocompatibility complex and mate choice in Atlantic salmon ( \i Salmo\i0  salar ). Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B: Biological Sciences \i 268\i0 , 1279\f1\endash\f0 1285.\\\\\par
.van Leeuwen, E.J.C., Cronin, K.A., and Haun, D.B.M. (2014). A group-specific arbitrary tradition in chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes). \i 17\i0 , 1421\f1\endash\f0 1425.\\\\\par
.Liu, C., Pla\'e7ais, P.-Y., Yamagata, N., Pfeiffer, B.D., Aso, Y., Friedrich, A.B., Siwanowicz, I., Rubin, G.M., Preat, T., and Tanimoto, H. (2012). A subset of dopamine neurons signals reward for odour memory in Drosophila. \i 488\i0 , 512\f1\endash\f0 516.\\\\\par
.Loyau, A., Blanchet, S., Van Laere, P., Clobert, J., and Danchin, E. (2012). When not to copy: Female fruit flies use sophisticated public information to avoid mated males. \i 2\i0 , 768.\\\\\par
.Mery, F., Varela, S.A.M., Danchin, E., Blanchet, S., Parejo, D., Coolen, I., and Wagner, R.H. (2009). Public versus personal information for mate copying in an invertebrate. \i 19\i0 , 730\f1\endash\f0 734.\\\\\par
.Monier, M., N\'f6bel, S., Danchin, E., and Isabel, G. (2018a). Dopamine and Serotonin Are Both Required for Mate-Copying in Drosophila melanogaster. \i 12\i0 , 334.\\\\\par
.Monier, M., N\'f6bel, S., Isabel, G., Danchin, E., and Handling editor: David Bierbach (2018b). Effects of a sex ratio gradient on female mate-copying and choosiness in Drosophila melanogaster. Current Zoology \i 64\i0 , 251\f1\endash\f0 258.\\\\\par
.N\'f6bel, S., Danchin, E., and Isabel, G. (2018). Mate-copying for a costly variant in Drosophila melanogaster females. \i 29\i0 , 1150\f1\endash\f0 1156.\\\\\par
.Pasquaretta, C., Battesti, M., Klenschi, E., Bousquet, C., Sueur, C., and Mery, F. (2016). How social network structure affects decision-making in Drosophila melanogaster. \i 283\i0 .\\\\\par
.Pavlov, P.I. (1927). Conditioned reflexes: An investigation of the physiological activity of the cerebral cortex. Annals of Neurosciences \i 17\i0 , 136\f1\endash\f0 141.\\\\\par
.Pfeiffer, B.D., Jenett, A., Hammonds, A.S., Ngo, T.-T.B., Misra, S., Murphy, C., Scully, A., Carlson, J.W., Wan, K.H., Laverty, T.R., et al. (2008). Tools for neuroanatomy and neurogenetics in Drosophila. \i 105\i0 , 9715\f1\endash\f0 9720.\\\\\par
.Riemensperger, T., V\'f6ller, T., Stock, P., Buchner, E., and Fiala, A. (2005). Punishment Prediction by Dopaminergic Neurons in Drosophila. \i 15\i0 , 1953\f1\endash\f0 1960.\\\\\par
.Robert J. Bischoff, Gould, J.L., and Rubenstein, D.I. (1985). Tail Size and Female Choice in the Guppy (Poecilia reticulata). Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology \i 17\i0 , 253\f1\endash\f0 255.\\\\\par
.van Schaik, C.P., Ancrenaz, M., Borgen, G., Galdikas, B., Knott, C.D., Singleton, I., Suzuki, A., Utami, S.S., and Merrill, M. (2003). Orangutan cultures and the evolution of material culture. \i 299\i0 , 102\f1\endash\f0 105.\\\\\par
.Sitaraman, D., Zars, M., LaFerriere, H., Chen, Y.-C., Sable-Smith, A., Kitamoto, T., Rottinghaus, G.E., and Zars, T. (2008). Serotonin is necessary for place memory in Drosophila. \i 105\i0 , 5579\f1\endash\f0 5584.\\\\\par
.Skinner, B.F. The Behavior of Organisms: An Experimental Analysis - B. F. Skinner - Google Livres.\\\\\par
.Strausfeld, N.J., Hansen, L., Li, Y., Gomez, R.S., and Ito, K. (1998). Evolution, discovery, and interpretations of arthropod mushroom bodies. Learning & Memory \i 5\i0 , 11\f1\endash\f0 37.\\\\\par
.Team, R.C. (2018). R: A language and environment for statistical computing.\\\\\par
.Tennant, H.M. (2014). Causes and consequences of female mate choice in Drosophila melanogaster: A hemiclonal analysis - Semantic Scholar.\\\\\par
.Teseo, S., Veerus, L., and Mery, F. (2016). Fighting experience affects fruit fly behavior in a mating context. \i 103\i0 .\\\\\par
.Thornton, A., and Malapert, A. (2009a). Experimental evidence for social transmission of food acquisition techniques in wild meerkats. \i 78\i0 , 255\f1\endash\f0 264.\\\\\par
.Thornton, A., and Malapert, A. (2009b). The rise and fall of an arbitrary tradition: An experiment with wild meerkats. \i 276\i0 , 1269\f1\endash\f0 76.\\\\\par
.Thornton Alex, Samson Jamie, and Clutton-Brock Tim (2010). Multi-generational persistence of traditions in neighbouring meerkat groups. \i 277\i0 , 3623\f1\endash\f0 3629.\\\\\par
.Tompkins, L., Siegel, R.W., Gailey, D.A., and Hall, J.C. (1983). Conditioned courtship inDrosophila and its mediation by association of chemical cues. Behavior Genetics \i 13\i0 , 565\f1\endash\f0 578.\\\\\par
.Ugur, B., Chen, K., and Bellen, H.J. (2016). Drosophila tools and assays for the study of human diseases. Disease Models &amp; Mechanisms \i 9\i0 , 235.\\\\\par
.Varela, S.A.M., Matos, M., and Schlupp, I. (2018). The role of mate-choice copying in speciation and hybridization. \i 93\i0 , 1304\f1\endash\f0 1322.\\\\\par
.Vogt, K., Schnaitmann, C., Dylla, K.V., Knapek, S., Aso, Y., Rubin, G.M., and Tanimoto, H. (2014). Shared mushroom body circuits underlie visual and olfactory memories in Drosophila. \i 3\i0 , e02395.\\\\\par
.Webster M.M, and Laland K.N (2008). Social learning strategies and predation risk: minnows copy only when using private information would be costly. \i 275\i0 , 2869\f1\endash\f0 2876.\\\\\par
.Wedekind, C. (1995). MHC-dependent mate preferences in humans. Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B: Biological Sciences \i 260\i0 , 245\f1\endash\f0 249.\\\\\par
.Whitehead, H. (2017). Gene\f1\endash\f0 culture coevolution in whales and dolphins. \i 114\i0 , 7814\f1\endash\f0 7821.\\\\\par
.Whiten, A. (2017). Culture extends the scope of evolutionary biology in the great apes. \i 114\i0 , 7790\f1\endash\f0 7797.\\\\\par
.Witte, K., and Ryan, M.J. (1998). Male body length influences mate-choice copying in the sailfin molly Poecilia latipinna. \i 9\i0 , 534\f1\endash\f0 539.\\\\\par
.Yamamoto, S., and Seto, E.S. (2014). Dopamine Dynamics and Signaling in Drosophila: An Overview of Genes, Drugs and Behavioral Paradigms. \i 63\i0 , 107\f1\endash\f0 119.\\\\\par
.Yorzinski, J.L., and Platt, M.L. (2010). Same-Sex Gaze Attraction Influences Mate-Choice Copying in Humans. \i 5\i0 .\\\\\par
}
 