{\rtf \tx384 \li384 \fi-384 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 1.\tab Landry, C., Garant, D., Duchesne, P. & Bernatchez, L. \uc0\u8216{}Good genes as heterozygosity\uc0\u8217{}: the major histocompatibility complex and mate choice in Atlantic salmon ( {\i{}Salmo} salar ). {\i{}Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B: Biological Sciences} {\b{}268}, 1279\uc0\u8211{}1285 (2001).
\
2.\tab Bellen, H. J., Tong, C. & Tsuda, H. 100 years of Drosophila research and its impact on vertebrate neuroscience: a history lesson for the future. {\i{}Nature Reviews Neuroscience} {\b{}11}, 514 (2010).
\
3.\tab Jallon, J.-M. A few chemical words exchanged byDrosophila during courtship and mating. {\i{}Behavior Genetics} {\b{}14}, 441\uc0\u8211{}478 (1984).
\
4.\tab van Leeuwen, E. J. C., Cronin, K. A. & Haun, D. B. M. A group-specific arbitrary tradition in chimpanzees (Pan troglodytes). {\b{}17}, 1421\uc0\u8211{}1425 (2014).
\
5.\tab Liu, C. {\i{}et al.} A subset of dopamine neurons signals reward for odour memory in Drosophila. {\b{}488}, 512\uc0\u8211{}516 (2012).
\
6.\tab Fox, J. & Weisberg, S. {\i{}An R Companion to Applied Regression}. (SAGE Publications, 2018).
\
7.\tab Tennant, H. M. Causes and consequences of female mate choice in Drosophila melanogaster: A hemiclonal analysis - Semantic Scholar. (2014).
\
8.\tab Kitamoto, T. Conditional modification of behavior in Drosophila by targeted expression of a temperature-sensitive shibire allele in defined neurons. {\b{}47}, 81\uc0\u8211{}92 (2001).
\
9.\tab Tompkins, L., Siegel, R. W., Gailey, D. A. & Hall, J. C. Conditioned courtship inDrosophila and its mediation by association of chemical cues. {\i{}Behavior Genetics} {\b{}13}, 565\uc0\u8211{}578 (1983).
\
10.\tab Pavlov, P. I. Conditioned reflexes: An investigation of the physiological activity of the cerebral cortex. {\i{}Annals of neurosciences} {\b{}17}, 136\uc0\u8211{}141 (1927).
\
11.\tab Danchin, E. {\i{}et al.} Cultural flies: Conformist social learning in fruitflies predicts long-lasting mate-choice traditions. {\b{}362}, 1025\uc0\u8211{}1030 (2018).
\
12.\tab Whiten, A. Culture extends the scope of evolutionary biology in the great apes. {\b{}114}, 7790\uc0\u8211{}7797 (2017).
\
13.\tab Laland, K. N. & Hoppitt, W. Do animals have culture? {\i{}Evolutionary Anthropology: Issues, News, and Reviews} {\b{}12}, 150\uc0\u8211{}159 (2003).
\
14.\tab Laland, K. N. & Hoppitt, W. Do animals have culture? {\i{}Evolutionary Anthropology: Issues, News, and Reviews} {\b{}12}, 150\uc0\u8211{}159 (2003).
\
15.\tab Cognigni, P., Felsenberg, J. & Waddell, S. Do the right thing: neural network mechanisms of memory formation, expression and update in Drosophila. {\b{}49}, 51\uc0\u8211{}58 (2018).
\
16.\tab Monier, M., N\uc0\u246{}bel, S., Danchin, E. & Isabel, G. Dopamine and Serotonin Are Both Required for Mate-Copying in Drosophila melanogaster. {\b{}12}, 334 (2018).
\
17.\tab Yamamoto, S. & Seto, E. S. Dopamine Dynamics and Signaling in Drosophila: An Overview of Genes, Drugs and Behavioral Paradigms. {\b{}63}, 107\uc0\u8211{}119 (2014).
\
18.\tab Yamamoto, S. & Seto, E. S. Dopamine dynamics and signaling in Drosophila: an overview of genes, drugs and behavioral paradigms. {\b{}63}, 107\uc0\u8211{}119 (2014).
\
19.\tab Berry, J. A., Cervantes-Sandoval, I., Nicholas, E. P. & Davis, R. L. Dopamine Is Required for Learning and Forgetting in Drosophila. {\b{}74}, 530\uc0\u8211{}542 (2012).
\
20.\tab Dagaeff, A.-C. {\i{}et al.} Drosophila mate copying correlates with atmospheric pressure in a speed learning situation. {\b{}121}, 163\uc0\u8211{}174 (2016).
\
21.\tab Ugur, B., Chen, K. & Bellen, H. J. Drosophila tools and assays for the study of human diseases. {\i{}Disease Models &amp; Mechanisms} {\b{}9}, 235 (2016).
\
22.\tab Danchin, \uc0\u201{}., Giraldeau, L.-A. & C\uc0\u233{}zilly, F. {\i{}\uc0\u201{}cologie comportementale: Cours et questions de r\uc0\u233{}flexion}. (Dunod, 2005).
\
23.\tab Monier, M., N\uc0\u246{}bel, S., Isabel, G., Danchin, E. & Handling editor: David Bierbach. Effects of a sex ratio gradient on female mate-copying and choosiness in Drosophila melanogaster. {\i{}Current zoology} {\b{}64}, 251\uc0\u8211{}258 (2018).
\
24.\tab Carrillo, M. {\i{}et al.} Emotional Mirrors in the Rat\uc0\u8217{}s Anterior Cingulate Cortex. {\i{}bioRxiv} 450643 (2018). doi:10.1101/450643
\
25.\tab Strausfeld, N. J., Hansen, L., Li, Y., Gomez, R. S. & Ito, K. Evolution, discovery, and interpretations of arthropod mushroom bodies. {\i{}Learning & Memory} {\b{}5}, 11\uc0\u8211{}37 (1998).
\
26.\tab Thornton, A. & Malapert, A. Experimental evidence for social transmission of food acquisition techniques in wild meerkats. {\b{}78}, 255\uc0\u8211{}264 (2009).
\
27.\tab Aplin, L. M. {\i{}et al.} Experimentally induced innovations lead to persistent culture via conformity in wild birds. {\b{}518}, 538\uc0\u8211{}541 (2015).
\
28.\tab Teseo, S., Veerus, L. & Mery, F. Fighting experience affects fruit fly behavior in a mating context. {\b{}103}, (2016).
\
29.\tab Brown, C., Laland, K. & Krause, J. {\i{}Fish Cognition and Behavior}. (John Wiley & Sons, 2011).
\
30.\tab Akaike, H. Fitting autoregressive models for prediction. {\b{}21}, 243\uc0\u8211{}247 (1969).
\
31.\tab Bates, D., M\uc0\u228{}chler, M., Bolker, B. & Walker, S. Fitting Linear Mixed-Effects Models Using lme4. {\b{}67}, 1\uc0\u8211{}48 (2015).
\
32.\tab Whitehead, H. Gene\uc0\u8211{}culture coevolution in whales and dolphins. {\b{}114}, 7814\uc0\u8211{}7821 (2017).
\
33.\tab Anderson, S. S. & Fedak, M. A. Grey seal males: energetic and behavioural links between size and sexual success. {\b{}33}, 829\uc0\u8211{}838 (1985).
\
34.\tab Laidre Mark E. How rugged individualists enable one another to find food and shelter: field experiments with tropical hermit crabs. {\b{}277}, 1361\uc0\u8211{}1369 (2010).
\
35.\tab Pasquaretta, C. {\i{}et al.} How social network structure affects decision-making in Drosophila melanogaster. {\b{}283}, (2016).
\
36.\tab Avargu\uc0\u233{}s-Weber, A., Lihoreau, M., Isabel, G. & Giurfa, M. Information transfer beyond the waggle dance: observational learning in bees and flies. {\i{}Frontiers in Ecology and Evolution} {\b{}3}, (2015).
\
37.\tab Dugatkin, L. A. Interface between culturally based preferences and genetic preferences: female mate choice in Poecilia reticulata. {\b{}93}, 2770\uc0\u8211{}2773 (1996).
\
38.\tab Burke, C. J. {\i{}et al.} Layered reward signalling through octopamine and dopamine in Drosophila. {\i{}Nature} {\b{}492}, 433\uc0\u8211{}437 (2012).
\
39.\tab Witte, K. & Ryan, M. J. Male body length influences mate-choice copying in the sailfin molly Poecilia latipinna. {\b{}9}, 534\uc0\u8211{}539 (1998).
\
40.\tab H\uc0\u246{}glund, J., Alatalo, R. V., Gibson, R. M. & Lundberg, A. Mate-choice copying in black grouse. {\i{}Animal Behaviour} {\b{}49}, 1627\uc0\u8211{}1633 (1995).
\
41.\tab Galef, J., BENNETT G. & White, D. J. Mate-choice copying in Japanese quail,Coturnix coturnix japonica. {\b{}55}, 545\uc0\u8211{}552 (1998).
\
42.\tab N\uc0\u246{}bel, S., Danchin, E. & Isabel, G. Mate-copying for a costly variant in Drosophila melanogaster females. {\b{}29}, 1150\uc0\u8211{}1156 (2018).
\
43.\tab Hewitt, V. L. & Whitworth, A. J. Mechanisms of Parkinson\uc0\u8217{}s Disease: Lessons from Drosophila - ScienceDirect. {\b{}121}, 173\uc0\u8211{}200 (2017).
\
44.\tab Wedekind, C. MHC-dependent mate preferences in humans. {\i{}Proceedings of the Royal Society of London. Series B: Biological Sciences} {\b{}260}, 245\uc0\u8211{}249 (1995).
\
45.\tab Thornton Alex, Samson Jamie & Clutton-Brock Tim. Multi-generational persistence of traditions in neighbouring meerkat groups. {\b{}277}, 3623\uc0\u8211{}3629 (2010).
\
46.\tab Kasuya, J. Neuronal mechanisms of learning and memory revealed by spatial and temporal suppression of neurotransmission using shibirets1, a temperature-sensitive dynamin mutant gene in Drosophila melanogaster. {\i{}Frontiers in Molecular Neuroscience} {\b{}2}, (2009).
\
47.\tab Busto, G. U., Cervantes-Sandoval, I. & Davis, R. L. Olfactory learning in Drosophila. {\b{}25}, 338\uc0\u8211{}346 (2010).
\
48.\tab Darwin, C. {\i{}On the origin of species by means of natural selection, or preservation of favoured races in the struggle for life.} (Routledge, 1859). doi:10.4324/9780203509104
\
49.\tab G\uc0\u246{}tz, K. G. Optomotorische Untersuchung des visuellen systems einiger Augenmutanten der Fruchtfliege Drosophila. {\b{}2}, 77\uc0\u8211{}92 (1964).
\
50.\tab van Schaik, C. P. {\i{}et al.} Orangutan cultures and the evolution of material culture. {\b{}299}, 102\uc0\u8211{}105 (2003).
\
51.\tab Danchin, \uc0\u201{}., Giraldeau, L.-A., Valone, T. J. & Wagner, R. H. Public Information: From Nosy Neighbors to Cultural Evolution. {\i{}Science} {\b{}305}, 487 (2004).
\
52.\tab Mery, F. {\i{}et al.} Public versus personal information for mate copying in an invertebrate. {\b{}19}, 730\uc0\u8211{}734 (2009).
\
53.\tab Riemensperger, T., V\uc0\u246{}ller, T., Stock, P., Buchner, E. & Fiala, A. Punishment Prediction by Dopaminergic Neurons in Drosophila. {\b{}15}, 1953\uc0\u8211{}1960 (2005).
\
54.\tab Team, R. C. {\i{}R: A language and environment for statistical computing.} (2018).
\
55.\tab Dugatkin Lee Alan & Godin Jean-guy J. Reversal of female mate choice by copying in the guppy (Poecilia reticulata). {\b{}249}, 179\uc0\u8211{}184 (1992).
\
56.\tab Kosaka, T. Reversible blockage of membrane retrieval and endocytosis in the garland cell of the temperature-sensitive mutant of Drosophila melanogaster, shibirets1. {\i{}The Journal of Cell Biology} {\b{}97}, 499\uc0\u8211{}507 (1983).
\
57.\tab Yorzinski, J. L. & Platt, M. L. Same-Sex Gaze Attraction Influences Mate-Choice Copying in Humans. {\b{}5}, (2010).
\
58.\tab Sitaraman, D. {\i{}et al.} Serotonin is necessary for place memory in Drosophila. {\b{}105}, 5579\uc0\u8211{}5584 (2008).
\
59.\tab Vogt, K. {\i{}et al.} Shared mushroom body circuits underlie visual and olfactory memories in Drosophila. {\b{}3}, e02395 (2014).
\
60.\tab Iversen, I. H. Skinner\uc0\u8217{}s early research: From reflexology to operant conditioning. {\i{}American Psychologist} {\b{}47}, 1318\uc0\u8211{}1328 (1992).
\
61.\tab Dawson, E. {\i{}et al.} Social environment mediates cancer progression in Drosophila. {\b{}9}, 3574 (2018).
\
62.\tab Coolen, I., Dangles, O. & Casas, J. Social Learning in Noncolonial Insects? {\b{}15}, 1931\uc0\u8211{}1935 (2005).
\
63.\tab Webster M.M & Laland K.N. Social learning strategies and predation risk: minnows copy only when using private information would be costly. {\b{}275}, 2869\uc0\u8211{}2876 (2008).
\
64.\tab Robert J. Bischoff, Gould, J. L. & Rubenstein, D. I. Tail Size and Female Choice in the Guppy (Poecilia reticulata). {\i{}Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology} {\b{}17}, 253\uc0\u8211{}255 (1985).
\
65.\tab Brand, A. H. & Perrimon, N. Targeted gene expression as a means of altering cell fates and generating dominant phenotypes. {\b{}118}, 401\uc0\u8211{}415 (1993).
\
66.\tab Alekseyenko, O. V., Lee, C. & Kravitz, E. A. Targeted Manipulation of Serotonergic Neurotransmission Affects the Escalation of Aggression in Adult Male Drosophila melanogaster. {\b{}5}, e10806 (2010).
\
67.\tab Cook, R. & Cook, A. The attractiveness to males of female Drosophila melanogaster: Effects of mating, age and diet. {\i{}Animal Behaviour} {\b{}23}, 521\uc0\u8211{}526 (1975).
\
68.\tab Skinner, B. F. {\i{}The Behavior of Organisms: An Experimental Analysis - B. F. Skinner - Google Livres}.
\
69.\tab Fowler-Finn, K. D., Sullivan-Beckers, L., Runck, A. M. & Hebets, E. A. The complexities of female mate choice and male polymorphisms: Elucidating the role of genetics, age, and mate-choice copying. {\i{}Current Zoology} {\b{}61}, 1015\uc0\u8211{}1035 (2015).
\
70.\tab Fisher, R. A. The evolution of sexual preference. {\b{}7}, 184\uc0\u8211{}192 (1915).
\
71.\tab Clutton-Brock, T. H. The Functions of Antlers. {\b{}79}, 108\uc0\u8211{}124 (1982).
\
72.\tab Brooks, R. The importance of mate copying and cultural inheritance of mating preferences. {\b{}13}, 45\uc0\u8211{}46 (1998).
\
73.\tab Aso, Y. {\i{}et al.} The neuronal architecture of the mushroom body provides a logic for associative learning. {\i{}eLife} {\b{}3}, e04577 (2014).
\
74.\tab Thornton, A. & Malapert, A. The rise and fall of an arbitrary tradition: An experiment with wild meerkats. {\b{}276}, 1269\uc0\u8211{}76 (2009).
\
75.\tab Varela, S. A. M., Matos, M. & Schlupp, I. The role of mate-choice copying in speciation and hybridization. {\b{}93}, 1304\uc0\u8211{}1322 (2018).
\
76.\tab Chapman, T. {\i{}et al.} The sex peptide of Drosophila melanogaster: female post-mating responses analyzed by using RNA interference. {\b{}100}, 9923\uc0\u8211{}9928 (2003).
\
77.\tab Pfeiffer, B. D. {\i{}et al.} Tools for neuroanatomy and neurogenetics in Drosophila. {\b{}105}, 9715\uc0\u8211{}9720 (2008).
\
78.\tab Guo, A. {\i{}et al.} Vision, Memory, and Cognition in Drosophila. in {\i{}Reference Module in Neuroscience and Biobehavioral Psychology} (2017). doi:10.1016/B978-0-12-809324-5.21029-8
\
79.\tab Loyau, A., Blanchet, S., Van Laere, P., Clobert, J. & Danchin, E. When not to copy: Female fruit flies use sophisticated public information to avoid mated males. {\b{}2}, 768 (2012).
\
80.\tab Claridge-Chang, A. {\i{}et al.} Writing Memories with Light-Addressable Reinforcement Circuitry. {\i{}Cell} {\b{}139}, 405\uc0\u8211{}415 (2009).
\
}